README.md, before:

### Welcome to my Github 👋

My name is Daryl and I am a full stack developer at [Poppulo](https://engineering.poppulo.com/)

# 🔭 I’m currently working on:
## ⚽ [Last Folk Standing](https://app.lastfolkstanding.com/)

### What is Last Folk Standing?

Last folk standing is an online service that allows you to create and run your own Last Man Standing competitions for all the major :soccer: football leagues.

#### What is a Last Man Standing competition? 

It's a competition where each week you pick a team to win a fixture. If that team wins, you remain in the competition and cannot reuse that team again.

If that team draws or loses, you're out.

The last person remaining wins the prize!

#### Why did I create it?

This competition type is a great way for funding my local sports clubs so thought this would be a great little side project to help them organise and maintain multilpe competitions without having to do the grunt work of reaching out to people and gather teams.

And especially since Covid, local clubs and societies have found it much harder to fundraise as it's mostly done in person and some of the smaller clubs don't have much of an online presence. With Last Folk Standing, you can create a competition, send a link through various channels, and get sponsors from across the world.

#### Built with

- Frontend - Angular 9 deployed on AWS Cloudfront & Route 53
- Backend - AWS Api Gateway with lambda & backed with dynamodb 
- Auth - Auth0.com
- Payment Processing - Stripe integration
- CI/CD - CircleCI

## 🏅 [LeaguR](https://www.leagur.com/)

### What is LeaguR?

Leagur is a simple webapp that will help create and manage your league competitions for you.

Enter the team names you want, select the number of times they play each other and LeaguR generates the fixtures for you.

Enter team results and have the standing auto update for you.

#### Why did I create it?

Again, like Last Folk Standing, I wanted to potentially help my local football association deal with handling fixtures, results and registration of players to meet the demands of an ever increasing number of teams/clubs in order to focus more on helping the clubs involved rather than just administering the competitions.

#### Built with

- Frontend - Angular 9 deployed on AWS Cloudfront & Route 53
- Backend - AWS API Gateway with lambda & backed with dynamodb
- Auth - Auth0.com
- CI/CD - CircleCI

# 📫 How to reach me: 
- Twitter: [@youngpayters](https://twitter.com/youngpayters)

# Interests:
- :soccer:  Football
- :video_game:  Video games
- :runner:  Half marathons
- :computer:  Keeping up to date (trying) with the latest technology and methodologies in Software Development

Commit message:

Updated with some extra details
Changed work location and title.

README.md, after:

### Welcome to my Github 👋

Hello and welcome to my github! 

My name is Daryl and I am a Senior Software Developer at [Jaguar Land Rover](https://www.jaguarlandrovercareers.com/content/Ireland/)

# 🔭 I’m currently working on:
## ⚽ [Last Folk Standing](https://app.lastfolkstanding.com/)

### What is Last Folk Standing?

Last folk standing is an online service that allows you to create and run your own Last Man Standing competitions for all the major :soccer: football leagues.

#### What is a Last Man Standing competition? 

It's a competition where each week you pick a team to win a fixture. If that team wins, you remain in the competition and cannot reuse that team again.

If that team draws or loses, you're out.

The last person remaining wins the prize!

#### Why did I create it?

This competition type is a great way for funding my local sports clubs so thought this would be a great little side project to help them organise and maintain multilpe competitions without having to do the grunt work of reaching out to people and gather teams.

And especially since Covid, local clubs and societies have found it much harder to fundraise as it's mostly done in person and some of the smaller clubs don't have much of an online presence. With Last Folk Standing, you can create a competition, send a link through various channels, and get sponsors from across the world.

#### Built with

- Frontend - Angular 9 deployed on AWS Cloudfront & Route 53
- Backend - AWS Api Gateway with lambda & backed with dynamodb 
- Auth - Auth0.com
- Payment Processing - Stripe integration
- CI/CD - CircleCI

## 🏅 [LeaguR](https://www.leagur.com/)

### What is LeaguR?

Leagur is a simple webapp that will help create and manage your league competitions for you.

Enter the team names you want, select the number of times they play each other and LeaguR generates the fixtures for you.

Enter team results and have the standing auto update for you.

#### Why did I create it?

Similar to Last Folk Standing, I wanted to potentially help my local football association deal with handling fixtures, results and registration of players to meet the demands of an ever increasing number of teams/clubs in order to focus more on helping the clubs involved rather than just administering the competitions.

I saw that it were left to managers and secretaries to send the match results via text to the FA secretary. What I wanted to sovle was taking away some of the stresses of running a league and instead focus their efforts on growing their associations rather than just tactically working through the seasons & divisions.

#### Built with

- Frontend - Angular 9 deployed on AWS Cloudfront & Route 53
- Backend - AWS API Gateway with lambda & backed with dynamodb
- Auth - Auth0.com
- CI/CD - CircleCI

# 📫 How to reach me: 
- Twitter: [@youngpayters](https://twitter.com/youngpayters)

# Interests:
- :soccer:  Football
- :video_game:  Video games
- :runner:  Half marathons
- :computer:  Keeping up to date (trying) with the latest technology and methodologies in Software Development
